What a great harvest tonight.
Butler Feng, why are you here?
Why is this family all acting like ghosts?
Didn't you get sick when you walked by?
Mrs. Sun has just arrived. I'm worried that you might get lost.
Worrying about the night again.
So, I brought you a scarf.
Madam Sun, are you still used to living in the Jiang family's house?
Not bad, pretty much what I imagined.
Madam Sun, you might as well say it directly.
As for me, everyone has their own ulterior motives, which is pretty much what I imagined.
None of them are good.
Mrs. Sun is straightforward. In today’s scenes,
It would be those girls from before.
Already ran away
I was really run away
There is no such thing as taking money and not doing anything.
Or you need to do something after receiving money
Discovered by you
Then you can witness prosperity the next day
Master Sun and others are smart people
Lao Feng, I don’t pretend to be confused either.
The second young master and the third young lady promised
How much can be cashed
You know what's going on
but i don't understand
You just need to take this medicine
Don't put it in Master Sun's food
I can guarantee that it will take less than half a year
The whole Jiang family is
If I don't take it
He will probably leave the Jiang family earlier than Jiang Nian.
You are smart go ahead
Just pretend we haven't met tonight